I began studying math and the factorization problem back in the summer of 2023. 
Not having achieved higher education, I had the learn everything from the ground up.
The paper and proof of concept are the result of one year of work. The paper is very flawed due to my at the time limited understanding. (i.e things such as the "rebasing" step are not needed, since they are already congruent mod p)

However, representing factorization as Quadratic coefficients, despite my many other flaws, did turn out to be a very good appraoch.

 These PoCs and papers are wildly flawed..... please refer to v2 and soon to be released v3 for more up to date versions.

Update: v3 will include a new paper. When I wrote this one, I had only been learning math for a year, and due to dropping out of highschool and not even knowing basic algebra, there was a lot I had to learn. I don't even use the  proper vocabulary of roots and coefficients in this paper. Most of the math I did learn from books was related to quadratic congruences, but not much aside from that. Another year later, and I have learned so much more. I find it hard to even look at this paper now, because of how flawed it is. I do still believe a lot of the core ideas and the research directio were really good, and I've continued going down that road in the last year. For v3, it is taking a bit longer then I want, after modifying my findings to work with quadratic sieve, which ended up working suprisingly well, I also learned about the number field sieve algorithm. I understand now at a deep level how my representation of quadratics works and relates to quadratic sequences and remainders mod m. I'm just trying to glue everything together now into somethig cohesive and fill in the gaps.. but its difficult dealing with depression and the going has slowed down to a crawl. I hope to break factorization with v3, not make small improvements over v2. I won't be able to stop untill factorization is properly broken anyway. With everything I've learned, I do think it's possible... hopefully it will be done soon.
